my six favorite productivity hacks I
know what it's like to have a busy
schedule between helping to run my
agency NP digital to coming up with new
content ideas for my audience even
speaking engagements and even events
that I'm hosting I have a lot on my
plate so how do I keep myself from
getting overwhelmed and how do I make
sure that I'm hitting deadlines driving
growth for my company and making sure
that everything is getting done well
I've tried to explore so many ways to
increase my productivity and as often as
possible but that doesn't mean just
jumping the gun on every new
productivity trend is the thing to do
instead I double and even triple down on
what's working for me for my schedule
and here are some of my favorite
productivity hacks hack number one
schedule shorter meetings look the
longer your meetings go the less likely
you are to be efficient I block off 30
minutes for meetings Max and when I'm
doing phone calls I try to keep my phone
calls to 15 minutes not 30 minute phone
calls not one hour phone calls I try to
keep them short because what happens is
when you have your meetings or phone
calls too long people ramble and they
waste time and they don't actually
prepare in advance when they're short
people know that they don't have as much
time so they prefer before they join the
phone call hack number two
delegating when it comes to running my
Ad Agency NP digital my goal is this be
more essential but less involved now
that doesn't mean I'm spending less time
I'm actually spending probably 60 plus
hours a week on my Ad Agency but I'm
trying to get other people to
continually do well so that way they're
not relying on me I try to focus more of
my time on strategic directions setting
priorities and providing helpful
feedback versus acting as a bottleneck
when you hire smarter people and you
continually grow we have roughly 750
people things can't be reliant on me or
else we're not going to perform well and
that's why you know I've built a system
in which people don't necessarily need
me sure I'm still there they're not
relying on me but I'm still there and
I'm still cranking away and I'm
energized each and every single day but
I'm not the bottleneck now hack number
three understand the power of No I say
no to certain kinds of speaking areas
all the time not because I don't want to
do them not because they don't have the
money not because it won't help me grow
it's just there's certain ones that are
better for the business versus others
and you can't do them all so I look for
the right type of speaking agents before
I used to just go and speak based on
whoever could pay me the most amount of
money now I speak whatever is best for
the business and I choose less
engagements but better engagements with
more people in the audience that are my
ideal customer hack 4 tame your inbox
I spend at least you know 30 minutes in
the morning answering emails and that's
the first thing I do when I wake up look
I don't want to go to sleep with a ton
of emails that I gotta answer the next
day so I try to keep my inbox clean and
I spend 5-10 minutes here and there
whenever free or in the car not doing
much or going to a business meeting so
that way I don't have a full inbox when
I go home and I can spend more time with
my family hack 5 batch creation when I
create content like this I shoot a
little bit more than a month's worth of
content in three to four hours
when I write a blog post I write a blog
post every Sunday sometimes Saturday
depending on my schedule and that way
you know I know that hey my blog post
that I publish is coming up on Tuesday I
write in advance and if I have time I
try to do two or three of them when I
record my podcast with my co-host Eric
sue for my podcast marketing school if
you haven't checked it out make sure you
subscribe with marketing school we
record 10 episodes at once it takes us
less than an hour to record 10 episodes
automate when you can automation for
Content creation is really easy there's
a lot of tools like ubersuggest AI tool
there's a lot of tools out there when it
just comes to AI that marketers are
releasing and what you want to do is
automate as much as possible even using
simple tools like uipath you can get a
lot more done in the same amount of time
each and every single day because it'll
automate a lot of those mundane tasks
that you're used to I hope these
productivity tasks help you if you need
help with your marketing check out my Ad
Agency NP digital if you enjoyed this
video like it share it tell the people
about it thank you very much